Music
I have to do this myself?
Anyway, I'm here to control her Rhea Butcher
Music
From well down comics in Hollywood, California
Harvard Town is now in session
Music
Yes, it's for
Ladies and gentlemen,
Help me welcome to the stage
Spencer
Music
And the man of the three hours, Dan Horvath
Thank you,
Comptroller Rhea Butcher
Applause
Congratulations on your wedding
Thank you, Dan
To Cameron
Yes
For bringing Cameron his procedure
It is a real thing
I couldn't be a stronger supporter of gay marriage
Straight marriage, I
Me too
I just don't think it works
I think you guys take it more seriously
I think we should just hand off the mantle
We'll take care of it for a while
Obviously straight people have decided at some point
That we get married three times a lifetime minimum
It's like molting for us
It's like you have your
I don't know, they have expressions for it
The third wife is the lizard wife
I don't even know
Third wife, lizard wife
Paper anniversaries, same thing
Well, the first time we met
I think was on this stage
And we inadvertently found out
But it makes total sense looking at you
That you're like a huge back to the future fan
Is it accurate to say that when you
When you pick the look
You're like I want to look like Marty McFly a little bit
Yeah, a little bit, and a little bit of George
And a little bit of Biff
Just like a little bit of each one
And then Lorraine at heart, you know
1955 Lorraine at heart
Not original 1985 Lorraine at heart
No, god no, just a weird clay face
John's performer, they wanted to reach up
And just tell a story
But we were both in San Francisco
When you came back, you have a little story
Speaking of which
I do have a story, so this morning
I was in San Francisco International Airport
Which is a very small airport
And I saw this woman in a pair of uggs
And then just like a general airport outfit
And she looked very familiar to me
And I was like pfft, no way
And then I started walking around a little bit more
And I was like no, maybe
And then I saw her again, I was like pfft, no way
And then we got on the same plane together
And she had like a bunch of teenage kids with her too
And we got on the same plane
And then as I passed her, she like turned on the seat
To talk to somebody behind her
And I looked back and it was, in fact
Leah Thompson on my flight
And I was like oh my god, it's your mother
And uh, I did
I wasn't going to bother her because it was a plane and stuff
But then I went to the bathroom and was walking back
And she was walking towards me
And I was like, I'm really sorry
But I have to just tell you my huge fan of yours
And she was very nice, she was like, what's your name?
And I was like, oh my name's Leah
She's like, oh, so close
Oh no, oh
And it was perfect
That's the Japanese version of my name
Yeah, yeah, exactly
Uh, I had a
Fucking airport plane story as well
Yeah
Fucking Delta
Cock
Cock-marrying Delta
Equal rights, cock-treating
Delta, I fucking, like
I would never fly Delta by choice
But it was like the festival booked the flight
Sure
So flying back
I'm so sorry
But I have not flown coach since the first time
I flew first class
I put it off
I really literally have not
Except for maybe once to Las Vegas
Because it was like
But like, so, you know, I mean
Oh, I fucking
Oh
Again, always with the thing
With the once again
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a full flight
Oh, how did that happen?
And I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry for your full flight
Are you gonna be okay?
And every fucking thing they say
Is once again, just a reminder
Once again, because it's a subtle
Technique to infantilize you
They're always implying that
You're a fucking idiot
Once again, once again
Once again, folks, once again
We do have a full flight
Talk to me like a normal person
And what will be revealed is that you're shitty business
Like, stop, stop, stop
Talking to me like you're a teacher
You know, and that I haven't learned
Something about your fucking full flight yet
And
And then I go to my seat
It says 6A and it's in fucking coach
And I'm like, well, maybe
Their definition of a full flight
Leaves the seat open next to me
They're doing one of those things where they
I'm like, and then this guy
Plows down next to me and I'm like, what the fuck
And he's like, who's this guy
I was like, I guess
Maybe it's because I texted Steve just to make him feel bad
Who was on the plane
I was like, you're fired
I said you're fired as you walk by
So I think maybe for that reason
Steve, did you contact somebody on the
Did you tell somebody that I was
Okay, so that's what
So then the flight attendant comes by
And says
Who's supposed to be in 1A
Because we had when we bought
Hey, I had a receipt
It was a warning pass at 6A
But the receipt said 1A
And I said, oh, me
Yeah, and he said
We apologize, sir
But I'll pause it right there
That's not an apology
We have to stop doing that
Especially corporations
They say we apologize, sir, but
Yeah, you can't include sorry and but
In the same sentence ever
Sorry, but it's your fault
I'm just saying
You can't narrate a theoretical apology
You can't
I owe you an apology
I'm sorry, I spilled that
That thing on you, I owe you an apology
We'll fucking make it
Cash it, let's cash that sucker down
Because as my therapist told me
An apology is
An acknowledgement of the offense
An expression of remorse and
A commitment to change
And without all three of those ingredients
It's an apology, I'll take one delta
One of those
We apologize
But sometimes we downgrade
The aircraft and then sometimes
When we do that, sometimes this happens
That was his apology
That was his addressing of it
And he said
And if we had caught it on time
We could have done something
And I said, what does that mean?
I'm sorry
When we downgrade the craft
Sometimes this happens
And then sometimes this happens
I said, I heard you
But if we had caught it on time
What does that mean?
It sounds like you have a disease
Sounds like cancer
I think you have delta cancer
I forgot there was people over here
Sorry, I'll do this show a little bit
Who is the we that's supposed to catch it on time?
Am I responsible for this?
No, we apologize
But sometimes we downgrade the fight
He just kept repeating himself
What would you have done if you caught it on time?
Offer you miles?
And he said, delta miles?
Do I look like a
Like a guy to whom those are worth things?
Oh, delta miles, my favorite
Like I'm cuckoo for delta miles
I'm delta rich
Honey
I don't have any money, but I have the equivalent
Of money and opportunities
To interact with delta
A million delta
Hours are coming
The thing is, the guy is standing
He knows what he's doing
If you ever have a complaint
On an airline, they have
All the control, because I can't sit
In coach going
I'm too rich to be sitting next to
Everyone with an earshot of me
There's been some kind of mistake
I can't do it
And he's projecting
His answers to me
And I'm trying to murmur
I'm too rich to be
And his answers are like
I'm sorry, sir
He never said I'm fucking sorry
We apologize, sir
Everyone's story is going to be
There's some prick up there
That doesn't understand downgrading very well
And keeps demanding things
And then it's just actually because
I'm a big fan of community
And it takes a selfie
With me on the way out
The flight attendants are like
Six seasons in a movie
And I'm like you fucking suck
You fucking suck
Six seasons into miles
Six thousand miles of
I don't know what's your miles
I want my money back
You know why that plane was downgraded
You know it was because it was not full enough
And I can't stand that shit
If you book an airplane ticket
God damn it
And you don't show up
They keep your money so why do they consider it
A fucking crisis to have an empty seat on their plane
It's not
They're not losing money
If everybody didn't show up
Fly the fucking empty plane over the ocean
And fucking keep your fucking money
You fucking cartel
You fucking horrible
Horrible companies
Just like
They do everything they can to murder you
By taking you up in a metal tube
That should not be able to stay in the air
There's monsters on the wings
They keep denying it
Anyways congratulations on your marriage
Thank you
I don't know why my straight marriage
Didn't work
I'm a delightful person to be around
And travel with
Don't know why my wife would have left me
But I have a feeling she's probably in the arms
Of a woman right now
If she's smart
Let's see
So fuck Pixar
I have a hair
Just because the Golden Globes were tonight
And Anomalyza
My movie
That I executive produced
Thank you
I did a hell of a job
Executive produced the fuck out of that movie
It lost to
You know
M&M's in your head
Or whatever
The memory islands
Also memory marbles
Pick a lane
Are the islands made of marbles?
Are they powered by them?
Bing Bong felt a little lazy
First thought, best thought I guess on Bing Bong
Home by 5
I'm just being bitter
Of course we all love Pixar movies
It's just tonight's not a very good night
To love them
I don't know why everyone had to love them that much
They're doing fine
We made a fucking movie
About the futility of monogamy
In a garage with Charlie Kaufman
Can't have a Golden Globe
I don't know why your applause
Front row
They're just getting the vodka off their hands
And it keeps flying off my
It's a really bad night for you guys
I haven't trimmed my beard
And it's like really like wicking
And like
There's just droplets are flying
So I'm really sorry I just pretend you're at SeaWorld
And
Alright
So I want to
So last night
That episode hasn't aired yet
But we had a young lady who had just
And I mean just gotten done
With a double mastectomy come up on stage
She wanted to talk about it
And all I know
I mean she's like
Had done chemo and she was
Still on the stuff
She was like fresh off of the
Process and was like
Just sharing her story
And all I know as a guy
Is like I only know like
Oh it's so important that women
Talk about this I totally know
That's why I was so excited
But I had no idea what to ask her
If I did a good job or a bad job
Because she was like
Had just gotten done being sick
And it wasn't about me so I couldn't be like
Am I doing a good job?
But I think I did anyway and I was like
Am I supposed to be doing this difference
What's your relationship with your boobs
I don't know what to do
I'm fucking everything up
And I tweeted at her like
How did that go for you the next day
And I don't think she responded
I may have done it wrong
It doesn't revolve around you
And she needed sleep Dan
She just got done with a fucking operation
But I don't know
I don't know
Is there a connection
You must have more friends than I do
That have been through breast cancer
I don't actually
Really? No
I mean you're gonna tell me you don't
Hang out with Tignataro all the time
Well she did drive me here
It's for the lesbian shuttle service
Yeah
It's very convenient
There's gotta be a great app name
For that
Homobile
That's not mine
That's a real thing that exists
Homobile?
Yeah homobile
It's like a ride sharing service
For other things
Yeah prostitutes
And drag queens
And people who specialize in body glitter
And stuff
There's a lot of discrimination
In taxicab services
And they also don't like glitter
And stuff
And so like they really
Apparently you know
It's hard to get a cab when you're in drag
Is the discrimination
Because of the glitter?
Or do you think it's like a cultural discrimination
I don't want that person in my car
I bet there's 16 people for which
Is just a practical concern
Intolerance
But for those people
There's a
Phobomobile
Fo...
They can drive each other around
They just use glitter
Twitter
That was bad
It just rhymed
It wasn't a pun or anything
I just rhymed two words
But I guess the answer is you don't have
An appropriate
It wasn't my job
It's good for more women to talk about it
Because the alternative is
I think this era is kind of
More past ending
It's not like
We get it now
Women should talk about it
Because otherwise the risk is
Women being so ashamed
That they don't check themselves
Or don't seek treatment
Or just like
What is the risk of women
Not talking about it
What's the terrible thing that can happen
All of it
I think it's women withering away
In towers
Without anyone coming and talking to them
Just in our own tower by ourselves
Falling apart
Aging
I felt a lump but I'm not going to tell anybody
Because my breasts are my
That seems like a very 50s thing
Or if it was ever anything
We could blame everything on the 50s
I'd say blame Delta
Or maybe it's
More for men's benefit
Women need to talk about it
Because men sexualize and objectify women
And it's like we're like
We need to
The alternative would be men being like
Ew gross
Your boobs got
Your boobs got a cold
Your boobs used to be sick
But now they're sick
That's according to her
She sounds like I don't know if this is
Lucky for her or if
This is just the new
This is the advance of medicine
Or technology
That you can just
That you just basically
End up with I think
A nice pair of fake boobs
Because they take them off
And then they put in the bags
But somebody else told me
I had a friend who has a mother
Who went through this process
But maybe it was longer ago
And she said you know
They're like mannequin boobs
And I was like boing
Why were you like that?
My penis became erect
So fast that it made a cartoon
Diving board
Sound
I miss mannequins in films
Oh man
We just don't put mannequins in film and TV
As much as we used to in the 80s
What about the film mannequin?
I mean I like that one
In my top three mannequin based films
Mannequin is definitely in my top three
But Kim could trial
Yeah of course
It's my favorite thing about lesbians
You can go there
But also like Andrew McCarthy too
Because he's like kind of a hot lesbian
Exactly
God damn it
I want to talk about hot chicks with you
I know Andrew McCarthy
Is a hot chick
That is true
He's funny
I was a kid and I saw that movie
With a high voice
He's a leading man
He's a dreamy lady
He's pretty dreamy
And you know
I'm sure
Mayshack Taylor's performance
Is still heralded as progressive
By the gay community
I'm assuming
Everyone on Homobile
For sure
Loves Mayshack Taylor's
That must be a
That must be a serious bummer
For actors who are like
Culture advances so quickly
There's actors out there
Who are like oh I played
Like gay guy number five
In this thing and then it's like
15 years later
They must feel like
Man I got conned
I was told that I was doing a great job
And all this stuff
And I feel like I'm part of the problem
And then they go to the library
And they just sit in the corner
And they eat peanuts
Just loudly eat peanuts
In the library
His 80's style glasses break
And he can't read any of the books
In the library
His 3D glasses
I was asking you in the green room
You haven't seen the Back to the Future documentary
That I was in
Where they tricked me into saying
Back to the Future 2 and 3 suck
Fine
I was
At an airport and I rode down
An escalator next to one of the guys
That shot that interview
And he was like hey it's me
I was like oh hey
You guys really kept that thing in there
And he's like yeah
But you know what it's good
It's good
People like it
I was like
You can't just make something true
I mean I'm sure it's good for you guys
To have a villain in your documentary
Because I said
In the thing I was like
I said come on
And he's like what
And I was like come on
Don't make me say it
To make you say what
I know that you're shooting a documentary
That Zemeckis and Gayle are going to be in
They're my heroes don't make me say
Back to the Future 2 and 3 sucked
And they put it in right before
A whole chapter of the documentary about
How great Back to the Future 2 is
So I mean
They knew what they were doing
People love to hate me
And I look great in it too
I look like fucking Bigfoot
So not like now
Now you're like well groomed and handsome
I'm just telling you it was a bad day
If you watch it I look like
Walked into a fan
The fan part is added so that Matt Groening
Doesn't get offended
I don't know what
The effect of the fan is
I just
By the way I'm not texting
I realize you're here
And I respect you I'm just
Looking at my notes
Oh I saw that Golden Globes
Highlights like
The only thing I saw was
Denzel Washington got the Cecil B. DeMille Award
And during his speech
He said
He started breaking up
He started to cry a little bit
Right after he said this
We'll never know what he meant
He said I want to thank my mother
For convincing my father
To
Get higher than 25 watt bulbs
Yeah
Because he thought
If they were lower wattage we could save money
And then he started crying and then he moved on
And then he was like done
We'll never know
I care more about that
Than what Ricky Gervais said to Mel Gibson
That got blamed
Do you know what he said?
He said what does sugar tits even mean
I wasn't sure I thought maybe I had inside info
Because I was texting people and sitting in the Golden Globes
Which is why I know that Brad Pitt loves Anomalysa
And then he came and he was sitting at the table
With our guys
There was a chair available
For him because Charlie left
After we had lost
I think I'm probably not supposed to
Say that
I just think that's funny
Brad Pitt sitting here in Charlie's chair
Where's Charlie
He took off
Charlie's gone
But
He likes Anomalysa
And that's cool because
He uses my beard in the big short
The 25 watt bulb
My only theory was
Did his dad get
Like his mom said you should get more than 25 watt bulbs
And his dad was like
Does this satisfy you
And he got a big spotlight
And then little Denzel stood in
Like
It's showtime
I don't know if I have a Denzel impression
I thought I'd find out
It's showtime
Yep
I'm Denzel Washington
I'm John Lithgow
John Lithgow
My mouth is a circle
You sound like John Lithgow
When you put your mouth in a circle
You don't look like him
But you sound like him
Sometimes
I got some gifts
I'm talking about girls screaming
In the green room
It happens to me all the time
Every time I enter a room
Girls start screaming
You were saying your hotel was next to a playground
In San Francisco
And there were girls
Watching a football game
In the airport
And I thought there was an
Isis attack
Girls
From
Age
3 to 20
Will just shriek
To express happiness
They won't even differentiate
It sounds like there's a murder happening
My adrenaline
I was mad
Sitting at the airport
I can't do an impression of it
I thought Isis was there
It's a football game
There's teams winning
And grown men
When you're little tiny kids
All kids do the same things
But grown men
They make these horrible sounds too
When they're watching sports
But for that
You think there's a person
About to hurt you
A person's about to get hurt
If you will
I'm so happy
And I made
Some of your favorite
Pulled pork sliders
I got to stop doing that
My throat is shredded
From shrieking at the football game
You and I came to the same
Conclusion
It's because girls
It's not because girls are socialized
To do that
It's because they're socialized to do so much other shit
That they repress them
When they're little kids on the playground
All they can do is scream
That's all they can do to affect
It affects people
Men
Start inheriting a planet
Where they can just
Throw chairs and
Smash it! Smash it again!
And that is a sport
And women are just like
I'm gonna do that thing
It's my carry power
Everyone flies
Against the wall
Yeah, women
What can we do?
Just like being married
To one
It was my fault
My wife is a hero
She got away
Fuck Pixar, Brad Pitt lives on
Annalisa, Miss Dectomy, Wedding
Leah Thompson, Airport
Denzel, Flight 25
What bulbs
They were showing the real
Denzel Washington real to give him his award
But they were like
Showing all those little phrases
And things
But they were like showing him flying
The plane upside down
It wasn't like
It was kind of funny
Like what an actor
It's amazing
Remember when he flew that plane upside down
They were just showing the plane
Hits his head
Then they just cut to him getting knocked unconscious
He's so good at getting knocked unconscious
Yeah
I'm pretty sure
They really should have shown him doing all those lines
In that movie
Did you like that movie?
I was very affected by that movie
I thought it was the best alcoholic movie
That I've ever seen
It's not like the whole Jekyll and Hyde
You're such a terrible person when you're drunk
That's why you should quit
And then people don't relate
But that was the first movie I ever saw
No, I'm great at my job when I'm drunk
I save lives
Fantastic! I still should quit drinking
And it's up to me
Because I will get away with anything for the rest of my life
It got to me
It really got to me
Yeah, okay
Let's get to the gift portion
Of our friend Michael
Michael, do you want to come up here
So you can
You brought me a couple of gifts
You brought me like a...
They got him back in the green room
Someone could bring him up
Can you bring that big box out?
This is very nice
Thanks, Steve
I knew what it was
Through the wrapping
I thought I'd open it out here
Got to use comic book paper
Mike, draw
Sorry about that
For the podcast
It's a leg-shaped object
I know there's no replacing old faithful
No, yeah, and I found out
It was a heartbreaker
I found the thing
One of the writers suggested
Why don't you look on the mannequin leg
And see if there's a model number
And it was a
Carol Barnhart
Displays
Incorporated
And I found old faithful
I found my plastic mannequin legs
There's a whole career
Making those things, apparently
What do you mean?
Carol, whatever
There's a whole group of people
Making mannequin legs, apparently
Branding
Get into that
But I guess she went out of business
No one's picking up the phone
It was ringing
And I was kind of relieved
That no one picked up
Here we go again
This conversation, but I would have had it
Is 197B available?
And the...
I'll take two bent
Straight, but no, they're gone
I found this on eBay first
And then I found a phone number
And it was like a place in El Monte
And I was like, oh, do you have...
I don't know what the part number is
And it's like, oh, well, is it
MN-189, color?
I was like, oh, I'm speaking your language
That's how you got that mannequin leg?
Yep
Shit, you could just...
Okay
I found a physical place
Wait, what do you mean you had it?
Oh, wait, no, I can't talk about that
I found the physical place
No, I tried, me and Steve have been trying
Trying to get a replacement leg
With toe articulation
Not articulation, but, you know
With toes
We went to the swap meet this week
And we walked it backwards
I mean, there was a mannequin
But the toes weren't separate
There's a lot of caveats
In mannequin work
You go to a mannequin thing
And you're like, oh, I want a leg
And they're like, we got legs
They're just attached to mannequins
Yeah, yeah
And I'm like, you don't have legs?
I know I've seen legs
And they're like, we got legs
But they're just for sandals and shoes
Like, they don't have articulation
And then
It was just a weird, weird situation
They took me up to the mannequin graveyard
Which is where
Prop buyers
For horror movies come
And pick up, like, shitty, ratty, creepy-looking mannequins
Because that's a good half of the business
Apparently of mannequins
Is simply props for horror movies
Specifically, not horror movies
Like, that probably represents
75% of all mannequin uses
But, yeah, I mean, horror
Horror films use all sorts of these mannequins
There's all these guys
They are fabricating mannequins
And I was like, this seems easy
You can just make me one, right?
And they're like, well, not so fast, Junior
And I had to go to, like, a back office
And meet someone's dog
And, like, sit in front of a rada
That's to go through the mannequin's guild first
Let's get this straight
Meanwhile, across the street
A guy has a shopping cart full of AK-47s
It's just going down an aisle
Oh, I need grenades, grenades!
I think that's the cover of The New Yorker
Just described
Oh, by the way, Rhea, I
When I masturbate, I rub a mannequin leg
With hosary on it on my nipple
Got it
Makes total sense
And I had one
That was a 1983 Carol Barnhart display model
Apparently, I don't know
Which is vintage
Did somebody yell something out?
Or...
My mom's ghost
Oh, fuck, my mom died
I should call my dad
I think I just murdered my mom with my mind
Oh, god, dad's now there...
I guess the house burnt down
Oh, muffin
Oh, lucky
The pets are going
Oh, my brother was visiting
My brother was visiting
Oh, it was a vintage thing
And it was a nice foot
Great foot
Rub it on my nipple
Not to offend Michael, but these are a dime a dozen
I thought you would laugh at that
I didn't think you
Take it really seriously
No, it's very thoughtful
I'm going to try it
Nothing's going to stop you now
I mean, when I saw it
I was like, it's probably not as cool
As the vintage one
But I mean, it didn't look terrible
If you have an opportunity
To buy a mannequin part
Just go for it
What's the worst that could happen?
You're going to need it eventually
It is more of a third lizard wife
Type of a
mannequin leg
But that could be the most joyful one
Absolutely
You already tried to fix people
Now you're just sailing through
Let's be honest with each other
Let's just do this thing
I love that
Have you ever seen Legs lavish?
Legs lavish the YouTube site?
The YouTube channel?
That was my spot
I was referencing
You're weird
I'm wearing overalls though
But I'm trying to be MC John
Oh, I didn't realize that
That's nice
San Diego
That's fantastic
Also, you brought beer
I brought some homebrew
He brought homebrew beer
Somebody grabbed it because it was chilling in the fridge
In the fridge
Where beer goes
Are you a beer person?
I am not a beer person, I no longer drink
Why'd you stop?
Because I got too good at it
Because I nailed it
I finished drinking
I did it all
Did you
Are you comfortable talking about it?
Did you have blackouts
You were a troubled drinker
I realized that when I got
Really good at vomiting
There was a problem
That I could hide it
I was totally comfortable puking
Oh, this is a problem
Steve, inhale
She just grabbed it
And ran out
Like the Phantom of the Opera
And I take the leg with me
I'm a little jealous
In some respects of people
Because I'm too much like Denzel in flight
I could just keep doing it forever
And I will eventually die
Because I won't, so far
I'll black out while drinking
But I won't wake up in blood
And I don't typically
Have
Super bad stories happen to me
Which means I can keep doing it
But I can tell I'm slowly rotting my brain away
Because I'm just so able to drink
All the time
But it's medication for
Sickness called you people
This is
Super smart juice for you
What else is going on
What's the deal with this beer?
I was reaching for more vodka
You had warned me you're still getting the carbonation
Yeah, I just always have to
I always throw that out
I don't suppose you have an opener
Oh, shit
I have a lighter
He's got one
How do you lighter people do the lighter thing?
It's hard, man
It's just a fulcrum thing
Well, I know the principle, but I just don't
I've never been able to do it
I'll demonstrate it for you
Let's hope he succeeds
Can you make sure
States couldn't be higher
Is he on it?
Yeah, the one with the red light
Oh
You want it there as firm as possible
And then you just
Oh
Heads up
Watch out
But I really don't know
What you did
That downward angle
Yeah, shove it in hard there
That was close
I heard something, but I think that's just because
You bottled it
I didn't
I didn't mean he's bad at bottling
I just meant like it's probably
It's probably harder with a store bought
Almost
One more
It hurts
That's the thing, man
Yes, love
And up higher
Yeah, you want
If you show me, then you do it
I'm a big boy
Show me
Wait
Okay
You see
For the podcast, they're failing to open a bottle
Okay
Okay, I mean you, all right
You want this part of your thumb
Close to the cap
Oh, the thumb's part of it
That's the fulcrum
I thought the bottle was the fulcrum
It's the thumb
Oh my god
It was the thumb the whole time
That's why it hurts
I'm gonna have to
I loosened it
All right, thank you, Michael
Do you want to talk about this beer? You brewed it yourself
Sure
You said it's Asahi
Like, Asahi, that
ASAHI
That company that sells really light beer
They have a Japanese beer that they make
That's dark, and my buddy went to visit
And they brought some back
So, for New Year's, this is my New Year's beer
Is the darker version
Called
So Veli Veli Asahi
So Asahi
Yeah
How is it like Asahi?
What did you do to make it like Asahi?
Let's move past it
It's a clone
How do you clone an Asahi?
By taste
I mean, any beer
You can figure out what's in it by taste
So it's not a clone
You just tried to reinterpret it
Yeah
That's more impressive than just
Finding a recipe to me
Yeah
If you have the complete recipe, though
You could be like, oh, well, this is wrong
Because of this
If you're just making up a recipe
Yeah, it's more experimental
Certainly to do it by taste
Definitely
Engaging
Why'd you bump it on the podium?
Time and place
That's how I cheers
Like this moment
In this place
I don't know
That's how I learn to cheers
I'm into it, I like learning
Well, it's yummy
Thank you
I'm getting woozy
No
I guess the joke was that he
Drugged me
You know, a lot of people make that joke, I don't know
I guess it's just easy to make
It's the overalls
Yeah, it was a
Farmer John, I decided
The Farmer John thing, MC John
I thought it would be
It's L.A.
We just assumed
Yeah
I had to call probably
11 places to find
Overalls, though
This is a good celebration
Of my 43rd birthday, which was January 3rd
We didn't have a show
Thank you very much, Michael
Thank you for the leg
I will think about you
While I'm using it
Well, I mean
It's Los Angeles
What's the new legs name?
I never named the legs, but if you
Sophie
Great choice
Yeah
You got some Algonquin round table
With tea
I'll pop in every now and then
Rhea played
With us on Harmon Quest
Coming soon to see so
In spring 2016
And you had a real
Burner in there
Like a banana
Like that was fast
Like your word play
Thank you
Yes
And
By the way
I invited Cameron to do this first
And then she donated her wife
But it was only because you were in the Harmon Quest show
Totally
You're my favorite
Yes
I know that
And I'm going to go home and tell her that
No
Alright
For our next segment
Did Ridley ever show up?
Nah, he's beat
He's a piece of shit
He fucking stranded me
What I got a text message
Just in Royland
Is he here?
Nah, he's not gonna hope so
I invited him and he's watching Making a Murderer
What's he saying?
What's he saying about Stephen Avery?
Jesus Christ
Do people not know that cops are bad sometimes?
Like, why is that still shocking?
Yeah, but that shit's crazy
Well, again
I keep saying this lately
But Philadelphia police bombed a neighborhood
To kill a bunch of black people
Like, not, yeah, not funny
It's something that happened
It's horrifying
But that was the 70s
Those black people were scary
We didn't know what they were gonna do
They were making disco
Parliament
There was a guy with a diaper
It was a funk music
You're a guy with a fiber
They were unpredictable
And I'm not saying we should have bombed them
I didn't know that
Are you sure? He said firebomb
They firebombed because they thought there were some black panthers
In that neighborhood
Which, I mean, why would that make it okay?
The reason that conversation came up
Of course, is because of these dudes
Oh, yeah, we gotta talk about
About that list
The ones you guys are calling Yolkata on
On Twitter
They updated their list of
You probably
I tweeted it
Or Spencer tweeted it and I retweeted it
I told Spencer about it
While I was still talking about it
And I really got in there
Under the buzzer
Do you have the
The last thing I saw was
They wanted the American girl
Doll Molly to come back
Wait, is that a
That's a joke
Because the list
That's my wish
That I'm just putting it in as one of theirs
A specific model of radio from
Walmart, like they really want the Walmart one
Which is like adorable kind of
But then you're mad
But it also has
A miracle whip and mayonnaise
Right above each other
I'm from Ohio and so
I can completely understand that
Because sometimes you want the tangy zip
Of miracle whip
And sometimes you simply want mayonnaise
On your sandwich, I understand
What are those times when you don't let the tangy whip
All the other times
Do people in Ohio just get scared
That they're going to taste
For too much good things
And they're mayonnaise
I don't want all that spice in there
Whenever I make food for my family
They're like, I don't know, there's a lot of spice in there
I'm like, it's pepper
It says miracle right on the jar
I don't think we should be cracking this open that often
This is Ohio
Take it easy
I assumed it was like
They couldn't quell a civil war
On that topic
Guys, guys, guys, bigger fish
How are we going to take out the government
We can't settle this dispute
I got that list if you want it
Give us some highlights
Well, I think my favorite is definitely
Just the word
Aprilans, four inches
Yeah, four inch aprans
They have Kepler elves
At their place
Making mayonnaise cookies
I just, I mean, I guess
They must have multiple people writing the list
Because they have, like, hot dogs
And then they have brats
And then they have markers
And then later on they have paper
And chisel tipped markers
It's just, it's weird
It sounds like they're going to have a science fair
Potatoes, wires
This is my school
Small light bulb, diesel batteries
Queen size bed sheets
Twin size bed sheets, pillowcases
I don't know what they're trying
Yeah, why queen size, that seems too specific
Yeah, that's very...
How many beds are in that outpost, right?
Well, they also want tampons
And, like, a lot of 100s cigarettes
Well, tampons makes a lot of sense
Well, I didn't know they were allowed to have girlfriends
Are they supposed to be holed up
And, like, taking over the government
Or defending themselves from it
Well, they're not gay or anything
They just had...
They could just have...
They could just, girlfriends just came
And they're like, we miss you
And they're like, get in here
And now they're just like, Amy needs tampons
And some basic 100s
Stat
And the list is so disorganized
Because I guess they were, like, putting it together
And somebody was like, well, can we at least alphabetize this
And they're like, hey, what the fuck do you think
We're trying to get away from around here
Well, maybe we should make a president
To the list, and he should
Collect a list tax
Okay, Steve
Point taken
We'll get Miracle Whip and mayonnaise
Oven cleaner is on this list
Oven cleaner?
Why does that a priority to anyone ever?
Like, they're roughing it, right?
My favorite one is throw rugs
For doorways
Yeah, throw out rugs
Not any in all size
For doorways
Because doorways
Not any in all size
How many doorways are in this thing?
Jeez, ice scrappers? What does that mean?
Ice scrapers
Why can't you spell
I guess it's just a shopping list
They probably didn't prove for you to
It's weird because they just have
They have a lot of half form thoughts
Like sugar and flour, but they're not doing anything
How can you think scrapers
To peas
How does that person think
You spell scrapper with three peas?
Well, scrapper's just a thing
It's not a word you spell
Right
It's not a word used by people that spell a lot
Write it down
It's not something scrappers do
Scrappers just exist
They ain't no word or nothing
Who here isn't through
Making of a murderer yet?
Sorry
All our little...
Thanks for holding up the show, everybody
Can't talk about it
A little spoiler allergist
Well, it's fucked up
That's all I can tell you
It's fucking crazy
But in Death of the Salesman
He dies
That I can tell you
How does he die?
Too many sales
He oversells
He sells everything and then there's nothing left
And he looks at himself
And then the lights go down
And you hear a gunshot
And a cash register
And then
And then you hear God saying
Just what I wanted
But if you stay until after the credits
God returns it
And then he's just like
It's like fire in the sky
And then someone comes by
And says are you okay?
And he goes yeah
And they go here have some soup
And he's like what is soup?
And they're like it's soup from a story
And they get products
Who gives them to them? Salesman
I like this job salesman
I will be a salesman
And then
More credits
But then if you stay long enough
He's getting out of salesman school
And they're like good job
You're gonna be a salesman now
And he's like I hope I'm a good one
I'm gonna live forever
And then he goes home
Offscreen voice they oh you think
You're gonna live forever huh
And he turns and Sam Jackson's in his kitchen
And
Salesman gonna live forever
This shit just got started mother fucker
And then he hands him a list and he's like
Ice scrapper
That's right mother fucker
Who can't do Sam Jackson
I love that continental
Samuel Jackson
That's right mother fucker
That was like Kate Blanchett
Samuel Jackson
That is white mother fucker
It's on my white guilt cockpit
The altimeter for like racist
I don't want to make him sound
Like if I can't do an impression of him
And nail it then I'm just racist
I just sound like a crazy racist
Like a black accent
And I'm not gonna do that
I'm trying to do Sam Jackson
But I'm not gonna risk it
So I'm just giving him this tremolo
Like opera singer voice
That's right mother fucker
It's beautiful
And then everyone's driving home
And they're like boy that Dan
She sure isn't racist
Why do you say that honey
Well didn't you notice that
He can't even do Sam Jackson very well
The man sounds like
If you did a good impression of him
You'd sound racist
Yeah I guess you're right
He just made him sound like Kate Blanchett
Do you want to stop in Arby's
Yeah
I guess
Is today our cheat day or are we taking it tomorrow
Well
The last week we did Friday
I figured we could do Thursday tonight
It's tonight Thursday we just saw Harmontown
Uh
Every night is Thursday
Oh my god there's a head in the sky
Pull over
Throw a crowbar at it
It's a miracle whip
I am miracle whip
I will make your species
Tangy
Forever
No more mayonnaise
I don't know why I'm looking at my phone
I'm really kind of scared
I went through a list of things to talk about
I think
I don't think I have any lesbian questions left
What was the wedding like
How's the process, is this an offensive
How's the process of planning a wedding
Sure, well we got fitted for our Birkenstocks together
In October, no we just had it
We had it at a venue that we performed at
So that was super fun
It's like a little house type venue in Chicago
It's called the hideout
And we got married there
Are you guys both from Chicago?
Cameron's from Chicago, I'm from Akron, Ohio
Yeah, we already knew you were from Ohio
I don't retain anything
It's fine
I just stand up here and sweat and try to get away with things
Here's my final lesbian question
Do you ever wish that I saw you as something
Other than a lesbian?
No
I'm a lesbian first and everything
I am nothing if not a lesbian
You showed me in the back
You have a t-shirt, you got it in a gas station
It says zero to lesbian in 60 seconds
Love that T
It's not a bald spot, it's a solar panel
For a lesbian machine
I liked that one
Lesboholic
If you're reading this
The woman that I really love and respect
Has fallen off of my motorcycle
Please help her now
That's funny
They're great
Alright
Hello
How are you?
What?
CISO is live right now
You should watch it
And Harmon Quest comes to it in the spring
Thank you
Thank you Plugfinger
Plugfinger?
I don't know
I'm awful sorry about that
I'm always the last person to know
When there's regional chicanery
I believe that's just because of the old studios
Universals at the top of this
And Sony was at the top of the Yahoo thing
A lot of people got mad at Yahoo
That's Sony stuff
You couldn't watch
They didn't play everywhere
Because they have these really old school deals
Carved out for different parts of the planet
Going back
To the history of these studios
I don't know why they don't want to change that
I was so excited
When Yahoo thing was happening
Because I was like we're going to be able to count clicks
And just get an honest number
Of people like the show
And I was like oh no it's like
It's very frustrating
And I didn't know CISO was the same way
Or if it is or whatever
But I got nothing to do with it
Just moved to America
Like all these immigrants are doing
Gotta build a wall
Around the thing
Donald Trump stuff
Looks like Bernie Sanders
And Hillary are tied
Whatever the thing is there that people care about
The elections?
The polls?
The polls in Iowa
Or something like that
Whatever the latest data is
She's feeling the burn
She should be
I have only boring thoughts about politics
Like the fact that if there's a neck and neck
Thing going on in the Democratic Party
Because he's running as a Democrat
So is she
And then Trump
He's running as a Republican
The Republicans have made him
Do sign promises
And do pinky swears that he's going to
Abide by all Republican doctrine
It's really ridiculous
I don't know
Have they done that before?
Because it's been kind of funny
The kinds of things that they're trying to control Donald Trump with
I guess it's not that funny
Well if it is
You'd have to get specific
I'm not blaming them at all
Don't get me wrong
It's not real clear here
You can't just allude to a pie fight that happened
Well apparently you can
I can
I'm a storyteller
Not blaming them
I haven't been following
Because I'm getting scared
The basic fact that if he's running as a Republican
And there's nobody even close to him
And they're all terrified of him now
And now we have these two people
But Sanders has said
That he won't split the ticket
He'll back out
Yeah and Obama's not been endorsing either candidate
I don't think the people who like Bernie Sanders are like
Oh it's Bernie Sanders
Or Donald Trump for me
So
When one of them loses
They'll switch over
It'll just
It'll be great
What no but the idea is
It's Bernie Sanders or
Yeah I mean like
That's what they don't both run
Bernie and Hillary you know that's the thing
Oh you mean in the general election
Yeah when the rubber meets the road
If they were to somehow split the ticket
Like if you were to go off like
Run like a nader
Yeah I don't think that people run as naters these days
Seriously do that
Bernie Sanders is Ralph Nader
That's what
Well he's in the Democratic
Ticket like contest right now
Like if we get past that point and then he's still going
Now I'm going to run as an independent or something
I don't think that's going to happen but if it did
That'd be a possible thing
But I don't think that's likely either way
But I mean everyone's talking about that
You know him presenting a strong challenge to Hillary
Is only going to make her seem more
You know a better candidate
Because she's actually fighting against a real competition
Yeah
See boring political thought
But it's getting kind of important
Like we're getting down to the deadline
And this guy is this hitler man
Is still running
It's really scary
Well no the real fear is that fucking Ted Cruz
Is the one that's hiding behind his shoulder
Is everyone's going to be like oh great
We got rid of Donald Trump
Now we have Ted fucking Cruz
Are you kidding me
To go with this
This is a reference no one gets
But like trans metropolitan
I was wrong
We're in the back of a comic book store after all
But like Ted Cruz is the fucking
Smiler
He was a political candidate
Who was like invented by an institution
He doesn't have a past
And he doesn't believe in anything
He's even said as much
And in the debates
He gets a lot of steam and attention for saying
I'm going to dismantle journalism
He gets fucking applause
For talking about who he's going to destroy
The freedom of the press
Like it's fucking insane
Donald Trump is like I'm going to fuck my daughter
But it's not like
I'm going to fuck my daughter
And no one can talk about it ever
Like he's just a raging asshole
But raging asshole
It's not really his platform to be fair
It's just his wish list
You can't pretend like you can't be both
Following and not following politics
One of his central planks is fucking his daughter
If elected
You're going to be a chicken in every pot
And I will fuck my daughter in every home
He's going to take his daughter
Into every home
And fuck her
Sorry everybody I got off track
But I mean I don't know
Donald Trump is like a crazy asshole
But I feel like a crazy asshole believes
That he's like doing good stuff
And might actually deep down
Have real principles at heart
But I don't think Ted Cruz has displayed anything
Other than
A baseless desire for
Power
And utter lack of principles
Boring political thoughts
I'm really terribly unfamiliar
With the guy entirely
If he was standing in front of me I wouldn't be able to
I've never even seen a picture of him
If you saw him you wouldn't want him to be
Anywhere near you or people you cared about
He looks like
He does bad stuff to kids
Does he really?
So he has a comb over
And a patchy beard?
Yeah again I've talked about this before
I also made passing reference to the fact that I
As someone who looks like a child in a luster
No
When someone looks like a child in a luster
It's a real, it's like my version of
Gaydar
It's just like
Only it's just based on looks
Yeah
Isn't this not how Gaydar works?
If all gay people looked like
Rip Taylor
That everyone would have Gaydar
You might be right about that
What do you think gay community
Do you have political
Political thoughts
Do you care about politics?
No I care about politics
But I just
I want
Hillary to run
But I feel like it's crazy that I'm like a woman
In 2016 and I'm like scared to say that
Because so many people are like
BOOM
We did a show in San Francisco and we're like
Just off the cuff said Hillary
Like not even talking about her and all
The whole room was like
BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM
It's just like amazing to me
That there's a female candidate and people are like
No no we have a socialist old white guy
So we're going with him now
She's going to have to wait 20 more years
I mean
Is it just
That she's a woman I mean
No I think she's capable
I know that she has made bad choices
Here's the thing like
She wasn't always on board with gay rights
In the government but also like
Hey my family wasn't always on board
With gay rights until I
Talked to them a bit and they were like
Oh okay now I get it
You yourself probably maybe
Oh yeah I was like I'm not gay
For like
20 years
So
Happens to the best of us Hillary
I understand
Well but keep going
Cause I don't really know anything
Sell me on her and I'm not unsold on her
But now's your chance
You gotta pulp it
It's 9-11 it's a perfect time to do it
Oh yeah
Well
As we all know Hillary was
Here are some other things you should never forget
Hillary was
The mastermind behind 9-11
And brought no I don't know
I just
No I'm kidding it's a joke thing
She voted to change the melting point
Of steel
Yes she did
She keeps trying to lower it
Yeah
I'm just
I'm totally curious like I'm not
Sure I mean my position is just that
It's America and it's
2016 and it's time to have a female
President and I think she's more than
Qualified to do the job and like
She could be better but
Every candidate could always be better
So that's how I feel about that
Outside my depth I don't have enough
If anyone calls me
Up to the carpet
To explain any of it I won't have anything
To back it up but
Maybe I'm reflective of all of America
In that regard
Because none of us have time to
Research any of this shit but it just seems
Like she's a little
She's very
Effective and a little
She's
Like she's on the right side of
Like left
Ness like she's very
She's a little
Kind of conservativey
That's what
You don't care
I'm tired
I just want it
Do you think that'll change the national
Psyche on a fundamental level? Obviously
I do actually
Donald Trump will change the fucking national
Psyche
Obviously electing Barack Obama didn't
Fix everything but I do think
That on a long enough timeline
Like something that Chris Rock
Actually said in a Rolling Stone
Interview like affected me a lot
In that he was talking about his kids and he was like
My kids are growing up
Knowing from the time
That they were children that a black
Man has been the president of this country
And they will not think the other way
Like they don't think the way
That we think in this room because
We weren't kids and so that is just
In their brains and that's how they're going through the world
So I think that as
Children for boys and girls
And everyone on the gender
Spectrum to see a woman
In the White House would be an effective
Change for this country
To see women as equals that can do the same jobs
As men
It would put a woman
Like Obama's getting such a bad fuck it
Like this is such a
Such a shitty time to become president
Absolutely, I mean he had a congress
That was like no on everything no matter
What he did
It took us 20 years
To realize that Jimmy Carter wasn't
A pariah because it was just put in our
Heads he was a bad president
He just spent his
Term handcuffed and like
He couldn't do anything and like
Me the most important thing though
Is personality because I'm too jaded
I just feel like we're electing
A person that's going to speak for the country
Like at fucking holiday
Parties
Like they're going and meeting
Like oil sheiks and like
Walking around and being in newspapers
And saying stuff like I don't
Really believe in the system
Enough to think that the president has more of a job
Than that but that's the thing is like
When you look at that job description
Look what JFK did look
What Roosevelt did
The other one the
The guy with the pith helmet
The guy in the wheelchair
Like there's a you know you can create
A whole national psyche
So if she was
Like elected and then
She was like walking around and she was kind of
Bad ass just in terms of swagger
I do think that would be
That would be good beneficial for everybody
Whether they realize they're benefiting from it
Or not I just I'm not
I don't know if I trust her to
Have that swagger like
Obama talks like a fucking game show host
He's amazing like listening
To his fucking soothing voice and his
Lack of
Like after eight years
Of that fucking potato
Yeah
I want to not care about politics
Every time that guy opened his fucking
Mouth he was like
I'm sorry I'm sorry
To the fucking retarded people
I thought
My sister's retarded
You need to deal with it
She gave me a pass
She looked into my eyes
And she said no I'm not going to do it
He's going to Gervais
The anyways
Like her personality
If we started this conversation
And I said I don't like her personality
You might walk away going
Her personality is that she has a vagina
That's what you don't like
We're ending the conversation that way
Because you
Yeah
I would love a woman president
I don't
She's
Her speeches
Her fucking
She's
Got a uterus
No I'm just kidding
It's not true I swear to God
I mean if she was just more bubbly
And had some pom poms
I mean
I like all kinds of women
Miss Mame
Miss October
There's a woman
Every month that I really approve of
I just
I want her to be Margaret Thatcher
Even though you ask British
People are you fucking insane
But I just mean
In terms of
Have a woman
We eventually put on a coin
When we call old iron fucking
Butt
To get away
From those
Diacotomies and stuff
We had a fucking badass
Ruler
That issued us into a world
Of exploring space
And reducing our prison population
And things turned around
And it would be great
To have a
Just as with a ship
To have a woman at the front of that
Going like this
With a lesbian t-shirt on
Like I'm up here
Not shells
Hillary's coin
I'm up here
But
Anyways
But yeah
I fully admit
I have no fucking nothing
Because I'm just kind of disgusted by the whole thing
Every time I start getting into politics
I always
Within the first five minutes
I'm like this is so gross
I'm an anarchist
I want that guy
That landed the helicopter
On the congress lawn
With a male man
With all the letters
I want him to be president
I want that guy
Vote for me
And I will make campaign reform
I'll call for campaign reform
And then quit
And then whoever's my vice president can take over
And you can impeach him if you want
But there will be a mandate
Including conservatives
It's a bipartisan issue
Everyone wants campaign reform
Even
I will honestly say it's more important than
Global warming campaign reform
Because it encompasses everything
Because we're still so far
The biggest country in the world
Making the biggest effects
On the world
We have the biggest chance of getting China to stop
Pumping fucking smoke into the sky
We can't get our shit together
Unless we stop intermingling
Capitalism with politics
Has no place in it
It's insane
The idea that in order to run for president
You have to have billions of dollars
We're so fucked because of that
And all we have to do is pass
One law
So shut up you jaded fucking redditor
I'm jaded here
It used to be illegal
To spend money on a campaign
I think
Back in George Washington's day
He didn't spend money
Making the case that you should be president
To the point it's gotten today
It's just astonishing to think about that
Citizens united
Jesus Christ
I mean that shit is so fucked up
Yo
It's gotten so much more fucked up
Also what happened to all these antitrust laws
They made us learn about in high school
Who just merged now
And fucking like
Mobile exon
And fucking time magazine merged
Or something
What those companies merged
What the fuck in the goddamn monopoly
What the fuck
The idea
When the phone company got too big
And people panicked and had to break them up
Now we have businesses that are too big to fail
So we gotta keep them
We gotta keep them around
We gotta keep them not failing
It's the exact opposite of busting a trust
That's when I get boring
Everyone said it before
That's the big short
It takes that dark turn
They knew the whole time
We were asking ourselves if they were stupid
Or if they were stupid
But they were evil and they were just confident
In the government they would bail them out
And make poor people pay for everything
I'm gonna eat a dick
So mad I'm gonna eat a dick
Yeah
Old iron butt
I'm gonna put
Can you imagine a welder at work
And it's like hey did you hear
What the chancellor of Germany
Said
At the UN
And then
Hillary said what she said back
And she told him
Our president's awesome
And then he goes back to welding
And he's like I love women
That's what I'm saying
He wouldn't go home and hit his wife
And he'd be like I'm so hard welding today
And my dad hit me so
And then he'd see his wife's face
And he'd be like you look like the president
Just
Just make me a sandwich
You guys
Reactions
Miracle whip this time
It's a special night
You guys really disapprove of that
Welder
Just do what Canada's doing man
We gotta figure it out
You just stayed north of a successful country
And fucking
I fucking trumped you
You got like five parties
Now fight over everything
But we figure shit out at a base level
Alright get up here Canada
If you want
I got some shit to say
Alright
Well yeah
Let's talk about
How does the voting work
Well
What's your name sorry
My name's Adam
Apologies to people don't like anyone named Adam
But that's what's happening
I was just gonna make a joke about how the voting
Starts once everyone's
Apologize to each other
But then you apologize for your name
And it's the first name ever
It's like the least offensive name
Anyone can ever have
It's the one god named Adam
I'm the first person
Sorry
No in Canada
Shit is totally different because we don't vote for a president
Man we vote for like
Our individual
Representatives like if there was a senator
The senator
Would go off to Washington
And then all the senators
All the individual parties would get together and talk to everybody
And be like here's what our party believes
And there would be all the different parties
And like the fucked up thing is imagine there was like a Texas party
Because we have the Quebec party
And they all they get tons and tons of votes
Imagine there's like a Texas party
And they control like a third of it
And then there's like the conservative party
Which is like way more left-wing
Than your guys is like left-wing party
We hate them and then
We have our like left-wing party
And then the middle party which is like
Eh let's shit happen
And everyone gets elected
They get a certain number of seats and then they divide it up
And whoever has the most gets to run the place
And nobody leaves a tip
No no 15%
Really? Yeah 15% man it's pretty standard
Or if you don't you say sorry
Wait you tipping
I thought you didn't tip
I thought tipping wasn't customary in Canada
And that's why like waiters and bartenders
Like they complain about Canadians
Have you not been tipping in Canada?
Jack I tip everywhere
Tossing toonies all over the place
Yeah man
Is it toonies or loonies
We're getting a $5 coin
And then shit's gonna get real confusing
No I really thought that I don't know
And I also wouldn't be surprised if you said
In this fucking
What do you call them?
Procedurals? What are your territories?
I don't know yeah
Because I thought
Where did I get that from
The tipping thing is that changed
Or has it been over 15%
I think it's Europe
When I went to Europe I was trying to give people money
And they were like oh we don't do that here
And it was really confusing
Some people are genuinely offended
They feel like you're saying you can own them
Or something
It's included like their bosses
Don't take tips
We're gonna pay you more
And there's a big argument
Adam explains different Adam
And he has a thing
Or Adam shits on this thing
Adam ruins everything
Sorry that was rough
Apologize
I'm very sorry to everyone
He had a thing about tipping that was very accurate
Well will you do it for us?
Will you say
Say the word about
About
Wow
Are you faking?
Nah I listen to too much American television
Do you want me to say it properly?
House?
House
Do they say who's?
Okay let me tell you what that's about
See there's about
On the east coast
That's where everyone sounds more Irish
And that's where everyone's all talking about
The trawler and the fish
See how you going there boy
Going to Newfoundland
They sound like the stereotypical Canadians
But that's not me
Which is obviously a cousin
Of my homeland Wisconsin
Everybody talks
Like the Fargo people
People don't talk like that
That's a little over the top
Because now you're watching
Making of a murderer in Manitowoc
And it's like
At that particular time
You gotta get him out
Notice that the murder weapon
Was in place there
Is that a RAV4?
That's a 99
Toyota
You looking at the plates there?
No
I'm not looking at the vehicle
That was insane
Fuck you guys
We're conscious of your spoilers
But also it's a real thing
In the world
That happened
It's been in the news
You can't really spoil a thing
I'm interested now
You get to watch the whole thing
And then you get to do
The whole second wave
Because everyone starts talking about how
That's not accurate
And then you get to read all the extra shit
It's fun
It's fun when people go to prison
Like the Memphis
This is like a genre
Of entertainment for us
Is miscarriage of justice stories
That we never paid attention to
In real life
Second screen experience
And then there was like
The CNN on TV
And the airport
That was like
Netflix is so popular
Of course people are petitioning
And saying like
I'm trying to not do any spoilers
And it's like
Nothing's gonna change
No one cares
That you watched the Netflix show
Like they were aware
Of the stakes at the time
That this shit was happening
It is
And not that I disapprove of that
I think it's great that when you're watching
Something like that
Yeah, whatever, what am I talking about?
Stick your head up your ass
I'm talking about the
Sorry for interrupting
No, no, no, I wanted to get back to that character
At that point in time
We had noticed that
The blood was
Coming out of a decapitated head
And so
We decided
At that particular time
To go and investigate
Behind the barn
And what did you see
Corporal Langerhanger
We saw
The rest of the body
And there was blood all over the place
Yeah, it's like a relative
None of that is real from the thing
There's no decapitated
There's no blood
It's like
It's like a Norwegian thing
Right?
How does that actually work?
I think it's like a British Isles
Actually thing that diluted
It got really
It's a poor people accent, actually
No, really
If you guys want to talk about what divides people
Everyone's like, oh, race this, race that
Or regions this, no, it's just rich and poor people
Back in the day it was all Irish people
Oh, Canada
For us it was the Ukrainians
Everyone shout on the Ukrainians
And they were like, oh, you smell like cabbage
But the Irish for the longest time
Were the shitty people
And that was like the ghetto-wise
The language that was floating around
So that's where a lot of it comes from
That doesn't change the fact that
Accents are, they're genealogical
Like definitely for sure
Wisconsin, for sure
Oh, yeah
The most effect on Wisconsin's accent
It's like
It has to do with the earliest
Settlers to that area
Coming through the
North and coming down
Oh, you're down the south there
But they were coming from
I believe
It's like when you hear it and you compare it to
Norwegian accents and stuff
It has something to do with that, I don't fucking know
I don't know
But I have opinions and I'm like shouting years down
Because you're like, it's just, when you're poor
When you're poor you don't just decide to elongate your o's
I can't afford
To talk cool
That's from now on
That's a boat
Your dad's too
Poor to go to the country club
And then you just all sit around talking about lumber
And then he's like, I don't fucking
Let's go fishing then, alright
I can't afford the letter U
Yeah, pretty much
I sold it
I sold it for a boot
We traded it in for rye down at the store, eh?
Let's see
Canada questions
What does Canada think about lesbians?
We're very cool with lesbians
We're all over gay rights and gay marriage
Tell her like you mean it
I'm just kidding, we're into it
We're with you
I really appreciate your support
I do have to say one thing though
Eve was framed
Yeah
Lilith
Lilith was framed actually
There you go, this guy knows what's talking
Sorry for Lilith
I appreciate it
Who's Lilith again?
Come on
I'm sorry
Wait, wait
That's not in the real bible
Education time
Was this in the Torah?
This is a super old story
Adam had a first wife before Eve
And she came down
And she was all like, here's the way it's gonna be
And Adam's like, whoa now
That's a little too aggressive for me
That's a little too gay
Get the fuck out
Let's make a new one, pull a rib out
Make an Eve and she's all like, I do whatever you want
And so that's the story that Christians know
But there's like Lilith Fair
Of course
Is based off the idea that there was an uppity woman
Who didn't do what she was told
Was there or wasn't there?
I mean I'm not asking if the bible was real
Is there some version of the bible?
It's apocryphal, there's a lot of apocryphal
Is it Gnostic?
It's like Gnosticism
There's texts out there
Midrash
I love Midrash
So there's actual texts
That have been filed away
Making a Midrash
I'm only halfway through though
I won't spoil the ending for you
I won't spoil it for me
What was the other thing?
Was it that there was a female disciple
Or was it just that Mary had more of an active role?
Mary Magdalene was actually
Disciple
She got married to Jesus
And then there was a baby
Tom Hanks
Tom Hanks was there
I remember that one
In Canada we believe all of these things
That's the problem actually
Right now we just actually came through
A big push to get back to
Our more lefty side
We had an asshole that was kind of Ted Cruzy
In Canada by the way
And we just had a big election
Where we elected a reality TV star
Who's very funny
Oh we should try that
Yeah do it man
Who's a charismatic
Reality TV star
Who's kind of like lefty
Anthony Bardane
The guy from Shark Tank
What's that guy?
Robert
No the liberal one
I'm a religious
Robert
Robert Dvorirak
What?
Well here's the thing
His dad was actually
A really super famous
Prime Minister before this
He called on all sorts of shit
But then after that his son came out
And did a bunch of blah blah blah
I'm a rich kid I don't care
He had a really famous video of him being famous
For falling down the stairs
Mr. Justin Trudeau, yes?
Justin Trudeau, he came in.
He created a Junesberry.
Yep.
Yeah.
All right, well, so yeah, I think, like, yeah,
obviously, I was kidding when I got
jingoistic about Canada because I'm not feeling particularly
patriotic over the last eight years or so.
But not because it's just eight years.
It's not far back as I can remember.
I think, but I think it is, like,
since his election, which was a kind of exciting thing that
made you feel like politics could be part of a story again,
that whole national psyche thing, and then it just, like,
turning back into the Jimmy Carter thing,
or it's just like, oh, so we're just going to watch people.
They love fucking lying, and they think it's all a game,
and their job is to win, and it fucking everybody just, like,
blames everybody else.
Well, your guys' media is fucked up.
Yeah, it's definitely bad.
I'm not blaming you, sorry, I'm just saying.
It's like, well, here's the thing.
All right, here's all society's problem.
We don't have a fucking, when you get those freemium games.
Don't blame Candy Crush for your politics, man.
They know, because inevitably, in those freemium games,
there's always, like, two forms of currency.
You know, the way they get you is they go, like,
splooges to buy more seeds, and the splooges, you can,
like, there's always a secondary currency, though.
There's always, like, mana points or something like that,
and it's like, it's because if there was just splooges,
and that's all that mattered, there's inevitably going
to be a way to cheat the system.
Like, the system's not going to keep working unless there's
some kind of, like, secondary value system,
and obviously, what it needs to be is, like,
a fucking, like, actual cultural one.
Like, we actually need to understand, and in some way,
we need to understand that there's, like,
the money is, like, poker chips that make the casino run,
but that there's something larger, like, the electricity,
which is, like, human life.
Like, it's like, like, where it's like,
if you could just make electricity,
that's more valuable to Las Vegas than any of your money,
or it's either because they're like,
oh, we can make the cowboy on the sign,
like, have more lassos now.
Like, so you can stay, and you're valuable at this casino too.
It's like, we don't have, like, it's like,
and you can't use the word religion,
because it turns people off,
because religion has been co-opted
by a bunch of fucking capitalists.
And, like, but it's like, that is the problem
that America infected the whole planet with,
is just like this, because we're so good at, like,
we were just like, oh, fuck it, no class systems,
no kings, no family history, fuck it,
like, it's just like, money, money, money, money,
it'll be the biggest, it'll be the hotel lobby of the world,
and everybody can come in, and it's just like,
if you're Irish, you're a piece of shit,
until you know how to make something like soap
that we can use, or Lucky Charms, and then we'll use it.
And then if you're valuable, then you can be rich,
and you can be mayor, and you can be president,
and fuck it, and it doesn't, nothing matters,
and it's like the American dream,
that that's our, whether that ever actually existed,
that was the dream, that was the idea,
it was egalitarianism through capitalism, meritocracy.
Yeah, but then someone monetized egalitarianism.
Then someone monetized monetization.
Someone said, I'll watch the money, that'll be my job,
and I'll pay myself out of the money,
and then I'll give you interest,
and someone said, hey, what if a tornado comes through?
Oh, I'll sell you insurance.
What's insurance?
Something you're now required to have,
if you get pulled over, a guy with a gun
can ask to see your insurance,
because if you hit someone, it might cost him money.
Well, that doesn't seem very fair.
Well, why don't you sue me?
Who, what do you mean sue?
Well, suing is a new form of law.
It means you can just take all of someone's money.
Well, who can sue who?
Anyone can sue anyone.
But if you're more rich than someone,
you can survive the suing, and if you're poor, you can't.
So if you're poor, you can't sue rich people,
but if you're rich, you can sue anyone,
and if you're rich, you can also get sued,
and it won't matter.
Like, well, who's gonna conduct all this?
Lawyers.
You have a right to counsel.
How does that work?
Well, if you're poor, you get one assigned to you,
and you're fucked, and if you're rich,
you can decapitate a woman with a knife,
and then walk away.
It's like, yeah, you know what?
I'm taking that stance.
I think O.J. done it.
I got a hunch, and I'm just going with it.
Every problem we have stems from,
it's not that capitalism is inherently evil,
it's that it was never designed,
it was never meant to be unmitigated.
I don't think it was ever designed.
It just kind of fucking sprang up and was a monster.
That's the good thing about it, though.
The reason it's sprang up and is useful
is because it's not a bad thing by nature.
It's about efficiency.
It's about getting more shit done per minute.
It is about, it does hold an enormous potential
to equivocate, what the fuck is the word?
What's he saying?
Equivocate?
No, that's when you wishy-wash, doesn't it?
Equivalency?
Equivocate means like, whatever.
It does have an enormous potential to even everybody out,
especially in a world where we were like,
okay, divine right of kings and we're done with that
and now it's just like poker chips.
It has, it's all the more necessary,
all the more necessary in a world
where that is the only thing that's important,
that there be another more important thing.
It has to be.
Otherwise, it's like, how much does this bullet cost
and how much is this black kid going to do
if we pursue his presumption of innocence
or we protect him?
Like, how much money is that gonna cost?
Like, everything gets turned into money
and then people actually fucking start suffering
and we have to like, I don't know,
it's like, you can't invent it,
you can't just come out with something.
But imagine a world where you were driving down the street
and you saw somebody that needed help
and you were on your way to a meeting
where you might make a bunch of money.
I know that there's, working backwards from the goal,
I know that there's a world where you could stop your car,
get out and be like excited
because you haven't seen someone in need in so long
that it's like fucking bubble wrap.
It's like a thing you get to do that's fun.
Like, and it's something you get to brag about
when you get to the meeting that you have to reschedule.
That meeting just became worth less
because of this opportunity to be happy for you.
I'm not talking about all of a sudden
becoming good people,
I'm talking about the fact that we look at goodness
as being this weird thing,
like advertising that we have to tolerate or something
that we have to force ourselves to do.
I'm talking about switching that
where because we all know that once we're forced
to do good shit for other people, much like showering,
we're always happy we did it afterwards.
Like, like I just-
Are you though?
Don't lie.
It's just hard to take off your pants
and get into a fucking cold water
that's pelting your Asperger skin.
Like, it's like, you don't have Asperger's,
shut up, I'm rich, I can say whatever I want.
See, that's the problem.
But I know that there's,
because there was like, if there was currency to that,
instead of it, it always feels like,
you were saying like stupid people incur loss
and rich people are smart people gain.
And it could be like,
you don't have to be talking about money,
you can talk about like getting upset and all this shit,
like stupidity is like loss and you try,
like if there was a way to gain
in a way that you could measure somehow
from helping other people,
it would be, it would turn around so quick.
Cause the market would fucking flood
and there wouldn't be so many homeless people
that you would have to feel like you were doing nothing
and wasting your time and becoming homeless yourself
by helping them.
That's the fear.
That's all we, we're not like this.
We don't want to not care.
We're forcing ourselves.
We're like emotionally anorexic.
Like we're controlling our fucking spirituality.
We're like starving ourselves because we are scared.
And like, that if we spend the time helping somebody
that they're going to suck our time and our money away
and we're going to become just like them.
And then it's like that.
We, so we got to figure out how to flip that system
so that it can be a video game.
We'll never gonna, we're never going to not be monkeys.
We're never going to not want to gain.
We just have to figure out how to put a value on that.
China, you know, China's been doing that.
They started with their murder vans.
Yeah, you know, hear about these Chinese murder vans.
No, they, they, they, they started this game.
I don't remember what it's called,
but it's, it's like meow, meow beans.
Yeah. The good citizen game
or some shit. That's like a cult, man.
That's fucked up.
I mean, it's more like fascism, but okay.
Like a fascist cult.
Well, fascism is like a cult when it's fascist, I think.
Anyway, I'm just like, it's this game where you,
you get points for being a good citizen
and it's like all fun and games,
except in five years it becomes mandatory for all citizens.
So everyone's going to be required to be all like,
oh, I, you know, I prayed to Mao.
That's racist, right?
Do they pray to Mao?
It's a good analogy.
Anyway, like, or, or if you're friends with people
who say bad stuff about the government,
you'll, you'll be docked points.
So you got to unfriend your buddies on Facebook
when they're taking anti-party lines.
And that's, that's like an evil version
of what you're talking about.
But there could maybe be a game
that's more just about like karma points.
Yeah. Or something.
Yeah. And I can't, I don't know if it's like
actually just instituting points like that.
Or if it is just more like, like, like, I don't know.
Like just-
You're talking about points, man.
Stop talking about points.
We don't need points.
Money is points.
Stop talking about what people should stop talking about.
No, points are the problem, man.
Money is literally points.
You argue, you love art.
You love like, you're telling people that they're wrong.
Sorry.
Just have a conversation.
You don't have to just,
you don't have to just tell people.
Have you ever talked about movies with a Canadian?
It's fucking galling.
It's like, it's like, will you take it easy?
It's like, I can either like or not like Godzilla
and so can you.
Just fucking stop yelling at me.
Unless you're talking about the Matthew Broderick one
in that case, that's bad.
No, at university.
Any movie can just be liked or not liked.
You guys are, you have great socialized medicine,
but you're terrible at talking about movies.
And your Taco Bells have french fries.
Sorry.
Whereas Americans are obviously,
our greatest gift is for not generalizing.
No, I think, well, you're talking about points
and like a system of rewards or like a-
That's how the human brain operates.
That's why money works.
It's like, it's dopamine.
It's like getting a fucking like prize.
It's getting a jackpot, getting a fucking like-
It's winning points.
Lighting something up.
Like, there was this thing on NPR.
There was like, there was this medicine
that helps you get over, was it Parkinson's or?
Get over Parkinson's.
There's medicine that helps you get over Parkinson's.
Get over it.
Holy shit.
No, it's a treatment for some kind of,
some illness I can't remember,
but it like, it spikes your dopamine so high
that they didn't realize what was happening
until a couple people like actually got really fucked up
by this, dopamine causes you,
it makes you really, really susceptible
to gambling addiction.
Oh, is this the multiple sclerosis medicine?
It could be, I don't know.
The important thing is the dopamine aspect of it
because they found out by this happening,
it was like, why are these people
on this medicine becoming like inveterate gamblers?
Like they're fucking losing their homes.
And it turns out, and they did this thing where they're like,
oh, it's just fucking like three cherries come up
and a little reward comes out.
And it's like, what happens in your brain
is this dopamine spike.
And that's what has driven our entire species
because we experiment and then we,
something happens that benefits us
and we get a fucking little baby orgasm about it
and it like marks it.
And then we, so that's how we get addicted to drugs.
That's how we get, we're always chasing that spike.
And so that causes racism.
That causes like our capacity for categorization
and solving problems.
I figured it out.
All of the people that made me have a bad day yesterday
were Mexican.
I'm like, what a reward.
It's bad, it's good and bad,
but it's like, it's this powerful engine that we run on.
So I think like, you can write software
on top of that machine language
that maybe it's a point system, maybe that's bad,
maybe there's a way to get beyond a point system.
But I think the biological fact is
that our brains do run on that engine.
Like we do run on like figuring out puzzles
and getting rewarded for it.
Oh, totally, you're totally right.
We're very much like meaning engines,
we're problem solvers, we attribute things to points.
But when someone says, this is worth a point,
someone else is gonna go, how can I make money off that?
How can I make two points for every one point I make?
So if you can get rid of that system
and instead say, well, what if I gave away all my points
and then I stopped feeling like a piece of shit,
that would be a better system.
If it was just like getting rid of stuff,
made everyone around you feel good,
and then as a result of that, you felt better.
That socialism, motherfuckers.
Yeah, I mean, there was a way to create a system
by which we could all hit the tip,
a tipping point of understanding that as in the video games
where we have points and then you spend them
on like upgrading things,
that the upgrades weren't just for you,
the upgrades were actually your contribution
to the society and all that shit.
Yeah, we'll figure it out, we're gonna figure it out.
Hope you do.
We're better quick.
Canada's doing pretty good,
so we're waiting for you to catch up.
Yeah, I mean, you guys can't be doing that good, right?
Not well, our dollar sucks,
it sucks being down here right now
because everything costs like a buck and a half more.
It must be a nightmare to buy magazines in Canada, right?
They already cost more and then the dollar is weaker, right?
So it's like they gotta cost like 25 bucks
for a fucking people.
What?
You think people buy people?
I mean, if they wanted to.
They're the luckiest people of all.
Here's my equivalency.
Magic cards cost five bucks a booster pack.
That sucks.
Did you just try to say buster pack?
No, it's a nerd thing, I don't know.
But everything costs more.
All right, well, let's thank Prime Minister Adam
for coming by.
Thank you.
All right.
So what do you think?
DeMorge isn't back there, right?
Is he?
No, I think he might be at Sketchfest.
Yeah.
I'm in 2016.
Thank you.
I know that means you love me,
but I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
But what we should do is go out in the street
and grab people that we really, really like
and just make them be president.
That would be the way to do it.
Because it should just be a job that's like,
it's a civil servant, you know?
Like the country runs itself.
How the fuck do you know?
Like this idea that you get to be king and get blowjobs,
it's fucking really.
I was about to say retarded, but I don't want to praise it.
OK, so maybe we should talk about what we learned
in the form of a nice, slow rap.
Uh-oh.
You took off your headphones.
Does that mean you're...
Give me a minute.
OK, he needs a minute.
All right.
What did you hold up, Levy?
A cup.
Oh, OK.
Are you drinking?
He isn't drinking.
Levy, come on here.
Give us a Levy update.
Yeah, you need a hype man for your rapping.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Hype man.
Steve Levy.
You need a boss tone.
We're going to be in Miami next week, so no show here, right?
Right.
Next week?
OK.
We're going to be in Miami at something con.
Magic, magic city con.
Magic city con.
There's cons and there's gates.
The objective is to get more cons and less gates.
You ever wonder what would have happened if Watergate had happened at like a Marriott?
Or Four Seasons?
And then there would be...
If a president got caught embezzling, it would be called like embezzle Four Seasons.
Or embezzle Flate Four Seasons.
That's the kind of stuff me and Stephen Wright think about in 1980.
Who's your favorite stand-up, Rhea?
Who was your hero that made you want to be a stand-up?
Well, honestly, this is going to be so cliche, but Ellen DeGeneres.
But I watched her when I was like...
I wouldn't have it any other way.
Yeah, I mean, it's perfect, isn't it?
Did you and Tig go and see her a lot?
Yeah, yeah, we like held hands, watched it.
We're like, this is great, right?
Should we take the homeobile to Ellen's concert?
Yeah, let's take the homeobile.
I remember when I was a kid, I thought Ellen was very plucking and fun and funny.
That was before she became an icon of controversy slash progress slash whatever.
She is a solid stand-up comedian.
Certainly because her contemporaries, not to throw them too much under the bus,
but her contemporaries were Rita Rudner.
Actually, Paula Poundstone was really funny.
Did you watch Paula Poundstone's show on HBO?
Did you ever see that?
I feel like I did.
She just had regular people up and talk to them.
She would have firemen and dentists and stuff.
She was like...
He's still working on it.
You got beats?
Oh, shit.
Oh, there was one more.
Oh, go to omaze.com slash...
Rick and Morty.
Is that going to get them there?
Yeah, I think there's only like a week left.
Yeah, you can still buy shit there or just donate $10 and each $10 donation.
Justin just made, I think, nine original artworks that you can donate.
There's more stuff to buy.
Each $10 gets you a...
It's for AIDS, which is bad.
It's not for AIDS, it's against AIDS.
Each $10 gets you entered into a thing where you have a chance of being a voice on Rick and Morty.
Yeah.
And I'll hang out with you, too.
Well, what a night.
Hype him.
Oh, shit.
Dan Harmon.
Keep going, keep it up.
All right, everybody, fucking play your hands together for Dan Harmon.
He's going to do a slow rap.
What?
Slow rap.
Ask him if we're ready for it.
Are you ready for Dan Harmon?
It doesn't sound like you're fucking ready.
Come on, get louder.
Yeah.
Question there, readiness.
Yeah, you don't sound like you're ready.
Come on, get ready.
Yo.
Coast to coast.
Left to right.
The fuck's your mama so hard?
She is no longer tight.
Took her shoes off and put them on her head.
I rolled around with her in bed.
We slept till noon.
We woke up and watched Netflix.
We had a great time.
We ate some Czechs mix.
I went downstairs.
I got us scared.
I heard a sound.
There was a sound.
Somebody was around.
I wanted to look like a man, so I went down.
I said nobody's here, but I didn't look around that much.
I just wanted your mama to think I did.
Truth is, I was scared.
Went back up to bed.
Rolled around.
Heard another sound instead.
Got scared again.
Should I call 911?
No, don't worry about that.
My manhood's just begun.
I went back downstairs.
Looked around again.
Looked more around.
Opened doors fast and said,
I've got a gun, which wasn't true.
But what you're gonna do
when you're white in the suburbs
and you don't have a gun
and somebody might be in your house?
Oh, shit!
Dan Harmon, come on!
Come on!
You want to hear that second verse?
You want to fucking hear that second verse?
Yo!
Rhea Butcher, controlling like a motherfucker.
She's a motherfucker.
She's literally a motherfucker.
She's able to fuck your mother.
Just like me, she's a lesbian bee.
The heterosexuality is united with lesbianity
because guys fuck women.
And so do lesbian women.
We go swimming with women.
We take off their clothes
and then we come in.
Come in.
Take them on the beach.
Roll around.
Oh, no!
I heard another sound.
Went into the woods,
went to the store,
bought some goods and services
through capitalism.
It's impregnating evil with chism.
I fucked your mama with it.
I came on her head.
I squeezed her tit.
Oh, you did the run DMC thing
where you said tit at the same time?
No, that was me.
Oh, oh.
Alright, because I invite that.
Okay.
Hit me.
Stamps.
Alright.
Thank you very much
for coming to Harmontown.
Rio Butcher, everybody!
Go get married if you're gay.
Think it over if you're straight.
Donate to Ains Fighting.
Go get married if you're gay.
Think it over if you're straight.
Donate to Ains Fighting.
Watch out for Shisa.
We'll be in Miami next week.
Magic City Comic-Con.
Thank you, Christopher,
in the booth,
making the video thing happen.
Justin Marshall,
Zach, the audio maniac.
Darrell Theater,
Steve Levy, Spencer Crittenden.
Thank you, Michael,
for your beer and your leg.
You're our guest.
Thank you, Michael,
for your beer and your leg.
Milo
So blue now.
That means you're at it.
Hit the show,
Hit me baby boyy.
Go get married if you're gay.
Think it over if you're straight.
Get married if you're straight.
Understand the test if you're straight.
And you are gay,
Come back every week with more